feat(report): add support for Cosign vulnerability attestation (#2567)
aquasecurity/trivy: docs/docs/attestation/vuln.md

# Cosign Vulnerability Attestation

## Generate Cosign Vulnerability Predicate 

> Trivy generates reports in the [Cosign vulnerability predicate format](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign/blob/95b74db89941e8ec85e768f639efd4d948db06cd/specs/COSIGN_VULN_ATTESTATION_SPEC.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Trivy generates reports in the [Cosign vulnerability predicate format][vuln-attest-spec]
```

And put it at the bottom.

```
[vuln-attest-spec]: https://github.com/sigstore/cosign/blob/95b74db89941e8ec85e768f639efd4d948db06cd/specs/COSIGN_VULN_ATTESTATION_SPEC.md
```

Author: I've fixed it.

                "https://lists.apache.org/thread.html/rbf4ce74b0d1fa9810dec50ba3ace0caeea677af7c27a97111c06ccb7@%3Cdev.kafka.apache.org%3E",
                "https://lists.apache.org/thread.html/rbf4ce74b0d1fa9810dec50ba3ace0caeea677af7c27a97111c06ccb7@%3Cusers.kafka.apache.org%3E"
              ],
              "PublishedDate": "2021-08-03T14:15:00Z",
              "LastModifiedDate": "2021-10-18T12:19:00Z"
            }
          ]
        }
      ]
    }
  },
  "metadata": {
    "scanStartedOn": "2022-07-24T17:14:04.864682+09:00",
    "scanFinishedOn": "2022-07-24T17:14:04.864682+09:00"
  }
}
```

</details>

## Create Cosign Vulnerability Attestation

[Cosign](https://github.com/sigstore/cosign) supports generating and verifying [in-toto attestations](https://github.com/in-toto/attestation). This tool enables you to sign and verify Cosign vulnerability attestation.

!!! note
    In the following examples, the `cosign` command will write an attestation to a target OCI registry, so you must have permission to write.
    If you want to avoid writing an OCI registry and only want to see an attestation, add the `--no-upload` option to the `cosign` command.

> Cosign can generate key pairs and use them for signing and verification. Read more about [how to generate key pairs](https://docs.sigstore.dev/cosign/key-generation).

Reviewer: Can we add a keyless section?

Author: Alright. I've added a keyless signing section.
